[Music]
the 24 best inventions you didn't know
exist with each passing day we
progressed towards the simplification of
human life there are now so many things
that can save as time and energy we have
found some of these amazing things
ingenious in their simplicity and
functionality did you know that there is
a thing called toilet paper tablets
watch the video carefully to find out
more number 24
a hook that raises chips how many times
have you tried to thrust your fingers
into the can to get out the last chip or
tilted it to let the chips lie down now
you don't have to worry about that one
of the recent innovations is a hook that
will help you raise the chips quickly
and easily simple but incredible right
number 23 a perfect measuring spoon for
protein can the standard measuring
spoons for protein are quite small and
tend to fall in a can luckily now you
can always use this perfectly sized
spoon which can be placed conveniently
on the cab a great solution to make your
life easier number 22 a cash register
without candy we've all been kids and we
all know the inevitable temptation of
buying multiple bright colored lollipops
and Bubblegum's at the cash register but
this problem has been solved for parents
of the 21st century
perfect notion for parents with easily
excited and demanding kids
number 21 a toilet paper with a
removable roll this brand of toilet
paper created a new and interesting
thing a little roll inside that you can
take on the go or even on a trip you
never know when you may need it and it
definitely doesn't hurt to be prepared
number 20 a can full of cold beer in the
supermarket chopping can be exhausting
sometimes especially for men so the
creative solution has been found you can
take a cold beer from the can and
continue your shopping enjoying your
drink it will definitely lighten up your
mood after a long day at the mall
number 19 a measuring glass with
creative marks this little innovation
provides a different way for you to
measure the liquids now you can navigate
as you pour you can still find a
standard mark on the other side of a cup
but it's still worth a try with this new
method maybe you'll like it more number
18 a hair straightener in the pub toilet
every morning we leave home with our
hair done perfectly but nowadays life is
hectic and it's not always convenient to
carry hair products and essentials with
you so here's the somewhat creative
solution hair straightener in the toilet
it can certainly help you in some
critical bad hair situations number 17 a
fitting room with different light modes
this fitting room you can choose between
evening office and streetlight modes and
also adjust the level of brightness
shopping for clothes continues to become
more and more comfortable what a time to
be alive
number 16 offense with the window for a
dog if your dog is curious loves people
and doesn't like enclosed spaces this
idea is perfect for you we bet your pet
will spend hours by this little window
hiding his or her tail with excitement
number 15 smart traffic light this
traffic light counts to green so you
know exactly when you'll be able to
cross the road or when you should hit
the brake pedal this idea may be quite
useful to bring some sort of discipline
on today's busy roads number 14 colored
leashes with informative phrases another
cool invention for dog lovers now you
can buy your pet a beautiful bright
colored leash with a phrase of your
choice the phrase idea for this notion
are truly endless so you can be creative
and have fun with it
number thirteen a sticker with degrees
of ripeness the innovations in the
shopping world just keep on coming
and here's another one in some markets
you can see a special sticker which will
help you figure out how ripe the product
is this little notion will save you time
quite useful right number twelve a lid
that transforms into a spoon this new
thing will be helpful for people who are
always on the go grab a quick yogurt and
don't worry about how you're going to
eat it the lid will turn into a spoon
with just a couple of folds easy and
practical number eleven comfortable
armchairs for two in the movie theater
some movie theaters created an
innovation of their own double seating
now in some cinemas you can find
armchairs for two with a useful little
table to put your drinks and popcorn on
this idea will make watching a long
movie more cozy and enjoyable number 10
parking garage with green light marking
empty spaces it's not that easy to find
a good parking spot in the big malls and
supermarkets especially during the
weekend days
so the idea to put green lights above
the empty parking lots couldn't have
come at a better time whoever thought of
this is a genius number nine a shower
with a thermometer this shower gives you
an option to pick not only hot or cold
water but also the exact temperature
that you want the temperature is
presented in both Fahrenheit and Celsius
degrees this little thoughtful addition
can also be quite handy at
number eight a building with a
thermometer another great invention that
will make your life easier just look
outside of your window and see exactly
how cold or hot it is outside and be
sure that you're dressed exactly for the
weather
number seven an airplane camera that
allows passengers to see what the pilot
sees this new notion allows passengers
to see the control of an airplane
through pilots eyes which is both
awesome and a little terrifying at the
same time still we are sure that it will
mesmerize you number six a children only
door some of today's cafes have small
doors for little children it's always
cute and funny to save the excitement in
children's eyes when they see a special
door made just for them this adorable
invention will definitely make you wish
they have the same thing back when you
were a child
number five empanadas with their
contents written on them you usually buy
different kinds of patties and you never
know which ones which the answer was
found in Latin America with their famous
stuffed bread called empanadas some of
the food spots started to write the
content on the pastry what an ingenious
and wonderful idea number four a tube of
toothpaste with indication of all the
ingredients and their purpose modern-day
toothpastes contain a lot of strange
ingredients and chemicals that we know
nothing about the label of this
toothpaste decided to let the customers
know what's in their product and why'd
is necessary to have it in the final
composition creating one of the most
interesting and useful ideas ever
number three a mold for ice spheres this
mold is made from silicone and makes
balls of ice that meld eighty percent
slower than cubes the final made ice
spheres will keep your drink cool for
longer plus it's really fun to pop them
out number two a cutting board
adjustable to put over the sink
innovation in the cooking world a
cutting board that you can put them over
the sink to quickly wash and cut the
vegetables it opens and closes very
easily and prevents a mess on your
counters and floor you can always find
such cutting boards online to help you
enjoy cooking even more number one
toilet paper tablets toilet paper
tablets are something that had been
around for a long time but they're
usually underestimated yes you can
simply pop them into a waterproof
container and voila you could have
toilet paper tissues or towels available
pretty much anywhere which of these
inventions did you like the most
let us know in the comment section below
if you want to see more interesting
videos like this click subscribe to join
us on the bright side of life don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and share it with your friends